Runner-manager for AWS EC2 instances (#171)
scality/runner-manager: docs/setup/clouds/aws.md

# AWS

The runner have the capability to create resources on AWS. Follow the steps below to authenticate
and configure this service

> ## Credentials
> 
> ### Get credentials for Engineering-EC2User
> 
> Create a .env file at the root of the project and put in it your AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID, your AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY and your AWS_SESSION_TOKEN.
> You will also have to fill in AWS_DEFAULT_REGION (us-west-2 for example) and GITHUB_TOKEN (your github token).
> 
> ## Config
> 
> ### Service
> 
> Considering the application credentials has been setup on the service system,
> the remaining service configuration you'll need are:
> ```yaml
> cloud_name: 'aws'
> cloud_config: {}
> ```

Reviewer: Took the liberty of applying suggestion some modifications, here's the main reasons of why:
* Removed engineering-ec2user as that's specific to Scality.
* Removed mention about `.env` because that's one method of doing it, we have multiple and the end goal is to have environment variables.
* Removed mention of GitHub token as it's defined in the setup guide. We should talk only about aws here
* Moving region from credentials to config as a region is not a credential
* AWS_SESSION_TOKEN is optional and not always required depending on your aws account settings.

```suggestion

## Credentials

Set the following environment variables, with your respective AWS credentials:

* `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`
* `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY`
* `AWS_SESSION_TOKEN` (Optional)

## Config

### AWS Region

Configure the region where EC2 instances will be created with the `AWS_DEFAULT_REGION` environment variable. Per example `us-west-2`.

### Service

Considering the application credentials has been setup on the service system,
the remaining service configuration you'll need are:

```yaml
cloud_name: 'aws'
cloud_config: {}
```
```

Reviewer: the suggestion is looking weird at the end, there's a conflict with the backquotes of the yaml, might need some manual edit

Author: Thanks for all of this, I'll change this thanks to your comments

> # Google Cloud

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# AWS
```

> # Google Cloud

Reviewer: Could you add a line like:
```yaml
# mkdocs.yml
- Setup:
  - Clouds:
    - setup/clouds/index.md
    - Gcloud: setup/clouds/gcloud.md
    - Openstack: setup/clouds/openstack.md
    - AWS: setup/clouds/aws.md # this one
...
```
On this [file](https://github.com/scality/runner-manager/blob/main/mkdocs.yml#L51)

Author: Done

The runner have the capability to create resources on AWS. Follow the steps below to authenticate
and configure this service

## Credentials

### Get credentials for Engineering-EC2User

Go on AWS Single Sign-on to get the credentials.
Then click on the link called "Command Line or programmatic access".
Get :
- AWS Access Key Id
- AWS Secret Access Key
- AWS Session Token

Create a .env file at the root of the project and put in it :
AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID="XXX"
AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY="XXX"

> AWS_SESSION_TOKEN="XXX"

Reviewer: Remember some information here only apply to us, we don't need to document that on a project that is public.

Mentioning that you need an access key id and a secret access key should be enough.

Author: Yes indeed, I correct everything

You will also have to fill in AWS_DEFAULT_REGION (us-west-2 for example) and GITHUB_TOKEN (your github token).

## Config

### Service

Considering the application credentials has been setup on the service system,
the remaining service configuration you'll need are:
```yaml
cloud_name: 'aws'
cloud_config: {}
```

### Runner
Here's an example of a pool of runner on aws running with ubuntu:
```yaml
runner_pool:
  - config:

>       image_id: 'ami-XXX'

Reviewer: you mentioned that the image id is public, if so, you can use it here.

Reviewer: the actual value I mean. If not, as is it's perfect.

Author: You are right, I had wondered and in doubt I will add that this example case corresponds to Ubuntu in AWS
